Clarify APT key rotation preparedness (#13337)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/faq/linux-agent-2022-key-rotation.md

- Containerized Agents (Docker/Kubernetes) for any version
- Windows/MacOS Agents for any version

> Additionally, if you are installing the DEB Agent v7.31.0+ package via `apt` from the `apt.datadoghq.com` repository, your hosts should have the `datadog-signing-keys` package installed, which automatically adds the new key (no further action is needed). If you are installing the DEB Agent package from a different repository or you are not using `apt` (or a similar tool that checks repo metadata signatures), your system doesn't need to know the Datadog signing keys (no further action is needed). However, you might still benefit from the [datadog-signing-keys package](#the-datadog-signing-keys-package).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you are installing the DEB Agent v7.31.0+ package through `apt` from the `apt.datadoghq.com` repository, your hosts should have the `datadog-signing-keys` package installed, which automatically adds the new key (no further action is needed). 

If you are installing the DEB Agent package from a different repository or you are not using `apt` (or a similar tool that checks repo metadata signatures), your system doesn't need to know the Datadog signing keys (no further action is needed). However, you may benefit from the [`datadog-signing-keys` package](#the-datadog-signing-keys-package).
```

- Configures APT keys in the `/usr/share/keyrings/datadog-archive-keyring.gpg` keyring and also via `apt-key` when necessary. **This ensures that the upcoming APT repository signing key is trusted.**
- Sets up a [debsig-verify policy][13] for Datadog packages. This allows you to verify signatures of individual DEB packages locally. For example, to verify if a locally downloaded DEB package was really built and signed by Datadog, you can run the following command:

  ```bash
  $ debsig-verify datadog-dogstatsd_7.34.0-1_amd64.deb
  ```

  If the verification is successful, `debsig-verify` exits with status `0` and prints a message `debsig: Verified package from 'Datadog, Inc.' (Datadog).`. Note that Datadog's DEB packages embed signatures since version 6.26.0/7.26.0, so this won't work on earlier versions.

Because the dependency of Agent 6.31.0+/7.31.0+ packages on the `datadog-signing-keys` package is optional, it might not get installed when:

- You manually download the Agent DEB package and install it without having the Datadog repository configured as an APT source.

> - You mirror the Agent DEB package to your own APT repository without also mirroring the `datadog-signing-keys` package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You mirror the Agent DEB package to your own APT repository without also mirroring the `datadog-signing-keys` package.
- Your APT configuration is set to not install _recommended_ packages, for example by running `apt` with ` --no-install-recommends` or by having `APT::Install-Recommends "0"` in `apt.conf`.
```

Author: I agree with adding this, but then I'll also need to modify the paragraph below, because this is the one option where it might actually cause a problem.

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## The datadog-signing-keys package

<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: this section only applies to DEB Agent package users.</div>

Since Agent 6.31.0/7.31.0, all Datadog DEB packages have a soft dependency on the `datadog-signing-keys` package. Upon installation, this package:

> - Configures APT keys in the `/usr/share/keyrings/datadog-archive-keyring.gpg` keyring and also via `apt-key` when necessary. **This ensures that the upcoming APT repository signing key is trusted.**
> - Sets up a [debsig-verify policy][13] for Datadog packages. This allows you to verify signatures of individual DEB packages locally. For example, to verify if a locally downloaded DEB package was really built and signed by Datadog, you can run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configures APT keys in the `/usr/share/keyrings/datadog-archive-keyring.gpg` keyring and also through `apt-key` when necessary. **This ensures that the upcoming APT repository signing key is trusted.**
- Sets up a [`debsig-verify` policy][13] for Datadog packages. This allows you to verify signatures for individual DEB packages locally. 

For example, to verify that a locally downloaded DEB package was built and signed by Datadog, run the following command:
```

  ```bash
  $ debsig-verify datadog-dogstatsd_7.34.0-1_amd64.deb
  ```

  If the verification is successful, `debsig-verify` exits with status `0` and prints a message `debsig: Verified package from 'Datadog, Inc.' (Datadog).`. Note that Datadog's DEB packages embed signatures since version 6.26.0/7.26.0, so this won't work on earlier versions.

Because the dependency of Agent 6.31.0+/7.31.0+ packages on the `datadog-signing-keys` package is optional, it might not get installed when:

- You manually download the Agent DEB package and install it without having the Datadog repository configured as an APT source.

> - You mirror the Agent DEB package to your own APT repository without also mirroring the `datadog-signing-keys` package.
> - Your APT configuration is set to not install _recommended_ packages, for example by running `apt` with ` --no-install-recommends` or by having `APT::Install-Recommends "0"` in `apt.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You mirror the Agent DEB package to your own APT repository without also mirroring the `datadog-signing-keys` package.
- Your APT configuration is set to not install recommended packages. For example, by running `apt` with ` --no-install-recommends` or by having `APT::Install-Recommends "0"` in `apt.conf`.
```

- Sets up a [`debsig-verify` policy][13] for Datadog packages. This allows you to verify signatures for individual DEB packages locally. 

For example, to verify that a locally downloaded DEB package was built and signed by Datadog, run the following command:

  ```bash
  $ debsig-verify datadog-dogstatsd_7.34.0-1_amd64.deb
  ```

If the verification is successful, `debsig-verify` exits with status `0` and prints a message: `debsig: Verified package from 'Datadog, Inc.' (Datadog).`. Datadog's DEB packages embed signatures since v6.26.0/7.26.0, so this verification does not work on earlier versions.

Because the Agent v6.31.0+/7.31.0+'s package dependency on `datadog-signing-keys` is optional, it may not install if:

- You manually download the Agent DEB package and install it without having the Datadog repository configured as an APT source.
- You mirror the Agent DEB package to your own APT repository without also mirroring the `datadog-signing-keys` package.
- Your APT configuration is set to not install recommended packages. For example, by running `apt` with ` --no-install-recommends` or by having `APT::Install-Recommends "0"` in `apt.conf`.

> The first two methods do not require verification for Datadog's repo metadata, so the key rotation has no impact.  However, you may benefit from using the `debsig-verify` policy files shipped in the `datadog-signing-keys` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first two methods do not require verification for Datadog's repo metadata, so the key rotation has no impact. However, you may benefit from using the `debsig-verify` policy files shipped in the `datadog-signing-keys` package.
```
